## The Bill of Rights

The original constitution did not have a bill of rights because the
drafters ran out of time and didn't agree on what to put in.

The Federalists favored ratification of the Constitution without the
bill of rights because, the government had limited powers and couldn't
infringe upon individual rights and it might claim that people had
only the rights that were listed.

The Anti-federalists opposed the ratification of the Constitution
without a bill of rights.

The framers tried to protect individuals from the federal government
by, giving the government limited and divided power, giving certain
rights to individuals, and protecting state power.

## The Reconstruction Amendments

The Civil war is built in to the Constitution in two ways,

* The constitution did not resolve the issue of slavery, so it was
  bound to come up again.

* In the Framers' vision, States are supposed to defend their
  citizens' rights. At the time of the drafting of the Constitution,
  that included the right to own slaves.

The 13th, 14th and 15th Amendments protect the rights of citizens from
their states.

The 13th Amendment bans slavery.

The 14th Amendment says individuals born here are citizens of the
U.S. and of the state in which they live, protect privileges and
immunities of citizens, guarantees equal protection of the laws and
due process, the Incorporation Doctrine means that most Bill of Rights
provisions are included in due process and apply to states, not just
the federal government.

The 15th Amendment says the right to vote may not be denied on the
basis of race.

## Progressive Amendments

The 16th Amendment, gives the federal government the power to tax
income, and increases the power of federal government.

The 17th Amendment, says the people, not state legislatures, will
elect senators, makes Congress less likely to care about state
interests.

The 18th Amendment, prohibits the manufacturers, sale and
transportation of alcohol. This is an example of the type of provision
that should not be in the Constitution.

The 19th Amendment, says the right to vote cannot be denied to women,
could be used to argue either for or against the constitutionality of
sex discrimination.

## The First Amendment

### Freedom of Speech

Only applies when the government tries to restrain speech, applies to
the whole government, not only the Congress, applies to state
governments through the 14th Amendment.

Speech is anything that could in any way convey an idea or emotion.
The Supreme Court said students do have a free speech rights unless
school officials have a reasonable fear of disruption.


## The Fourth Amendment

Protects individuals from unlawful searches and seizures.

The exclusionary rule, says evidence obtained in an illegal search
can't be used in a criminal prosecution. However you aren't protected
if you give information to a third party, and the police then get that
information from them. Technology has made it difficult to protect
information from the government.
