In order to understand economic history, you need to understand
"growth". The modern economy is growing every year. To understand how
the modern economy grows think about this example:

Suppose you want to open a new business and you ask bank for a
loan. Meanwhile a contractor takes $1M and puts in the bank. Bank has
$1M. You loan $1M from the bank, and pay to contractor, then
contractor takes the money and puts it in the bank. Contractor now has
$2M, but there is actually $1M in the bank.

Let's assume later you loan another $1M from bank and pay the
contractor, and contractor puts in the bank again. Now contractor has
$3M in the bank account, though bank has only $1M actual
money. According to US banking laws, banks are allowed to loan 10
times the money they possess.

The entire economy is based in our trust on imaginary future. In a
capitalist system people agree to represent imaginary goods, with
credit.

People believed that the total amount of wealth in the world is
limited.

Adam Smith claimed that, selfish human urge to increase my private
profits is the basis for the collective wealth of the society. This
means that egoism is altruism. Smith taught people to think about
economy not as a zero-sum game, but a win-win situation.

The most important command of capitalism is that the profits of
production must always be reinvested in increasing production.
Capital means money, good and resources that are invested in
production, wealth in the other hand is wasted.

Capitalism is founded on a belief in perpetual economic growth. If
economic growth stops, the whole system collapses. The only thing
that can cover trillions of dollars, and save the economy from
collapse is scientific discoveries.

Believers in capitalism advice government to do nothing and let the
markets make the decisions by themselves.
