People are categorized into groups by societies. This enables large
amount of people to know how to treat each other without actually
knowing them.

Slavery was common in the past societies, in America slaves were
obtained from Africa, because it was geographically closer and the
Africans were more immune to tropical diseases. The American masters
made up stories to justify the African slaves. People were
discriminated by their race and color.

In the past people were categorized differently by different societies
such as the cast system, wealth, or religion. But, yet one category
were common even today that is gender.

Sex is a biological category, of male and female. Gender is a cultural
category, of man and woman. In the past man were considered superior
to woman and woman were the property of man. In order to be a man, one
must fit in the cultural norms of the definition of man. In the past
man was dressed in grace as of today it is bare and simple.

There are three theories of why men has dominated woman throughout the
history.

First theory, states that men are physically stronger than woman. The
problem with this theory is, that physical power is not necessarily
decides the strength of people. For example generals in the army may
be weaker than the common soldiers, or the boss of the Mafia doesn't
beat everyone up to be the boss.

Second theory, states that men are more aggressive and violent and
more active in wars. The problem with this theory is, that the
generals doesn't necessarily have to be aggressive in wars. A general
should have stamina, ability to see in different perspectives, which
women are better at.

Third theory, states that throughout the evolution, men was more
active and engaged in competition, where women stated back and took
care of the babies. The problem with this theory is, that in some
animal species such as elephants and some chimpanzees, males are
mostly engaged in fights with other males in order to gain fertile
female, and females were more engaged in networking, and the community
are controlled by female.
